(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now, it's time for my Java solution.
And I want to show you a few things in the Azure portal
related to your running serverless function.
So the first thing I want to show you
is I created a model class.
And this model class simply has an element for the count
and a getter and setter.
I also created a FizzBuzzResponse class that has a count
a fizz count, a buzz count, and a FizzBuzz count
all of which have getters and setters on them.
So now let's get to the function.
So in the function, you'll notice on line 22
that I take a model in as part of the request.
Now scrolling down here,
I take that model and get it from the optional
I then create FizzBuzzResponse object.
I set the count equal to that on line 28.
I didn't enter the loop.
Now, normally you can do FizzBuzz
in like three or four lines in Java very easily.
In this case, I expanded a little bit
because I'm doing a couple of things
every time I get one of these responses.
So if it is a mode of three equals zero
or a mode of five equals zero,
which indicates that it's divisible by three and five,
that is going to be a FizzBuzz.
I take the existing count incremented by one
and at the same time on line 32,
I output it to the log and I do the same for FizzBuzz
and then at the very end here, I output the string value
if it is a simple number
that is not divisible by three or five,
I then set a response out.
So after I got that up and running and I tested it locally,
I also deploy it to Azure.
And you can see I can go in here
and execute that function now
and I will simply pass it a count.
And the count that I'm going to send at this time is 150
and I will run it.
Now I get a response back
and that response says that there were 40 fizzes, 20 buzzes
and 10 fizzbuzzes out of the account of 150 total.
Now let's jump into the Azure portal.
First of all, you'll see our function
and we'll go ahead and refresh it
now that I've run it a couple of times,
and you'll see as we scroll down here,
we've got our function counts,
we've got our memory working set during the operation
and the megabytes that it's consumed per millisecond.
And if I refresh this again, you'll see my second execution.
And sometimes that happens,
it does take a little bit of time
for metrics and logs to catch up with you
but you can see I had my test run
and then my run afterwards.
Now, if I go into the log section
and I set up a log stream, which is available in the console
down here on log stream, I turned it on
and then I allowed that execution to happen.
As you look down here,
you'll see that I've output into the logs
all of those numbers and FizzBuzz FizzBuzz statements.
What I wanted to show you here really
is that the log stream is a valuable tool
in working with serverless functions and Azure
because it allows you to see the output
in a very clear place within the portal itself
if you don't want to connect to other mechanisms.
That seems to be the theme of Azure
is do a lot of it in the portal and not as much on the CLI
though it is possible to do many of these tasks
with the CLI, it just doesn't seem to be the modus operandi
that they run with within Microsoft Azure.
Now we've only touched a couple of the languages
and obviously C# is something that is very popular
with Azure developers.
But C-sharp and Java are so similar,
at least for the most part.
Did you at least get the feel of it if you've done Java
and if you're a C# expert
that should be a relatively easy transition.
Python is by far the most popular language
for doing serverless functions and that's usually what I use
even in my day-to-day operations as a go developer,
a Python developer and a Java developer.
Python seems to be my go-to method
for any serverless function
regardless of the cloud provider.
I hope I've given you just enough of an insight
into Azure functions to allow you to expand your knowledge
using all the different triggers available
within Microsoft Azure.